# Supervised_Machine_Learning_Disease_Prediction
The main objective of this project is to predict the occurrence of a specific disease based on a dataset. In the dataset I used, the symptoms are classified into 42 diseases. We have 4920 rows and 133 columns. 132 of these columns are symptoms that a person experiences and the last column is the prognosis. Our target column is the prognosis. In the dataset, there is 132 columns of an integer value and 1 column of an object (prognosis). I used 3 classifier models: Decision Tree Classifier, Random Forest Classifier & Logistic Regression Classifier. Based on the model evaluation, we can see that the three models achieved an accuracy of 100% and a 1% in the precision, recall & F1 score. This indicates that the classifiers are working well on our test set. Then I performed a k-fold cross-validation for each of the three classifiers, and calculated the mean accuracy, mean precision, mean recall & mean F1 Score. As well as it checks for potential overfitting, underfitting, or normal performance by comparing the cross-validation results with the test set. Both on the test set & cross-validation. It all has a 100% precision, recall & F1 score. When looking into the prediction confidence we can see that the random forest and decision tree classifiers have a maximum confidence of 1, while on the other hand, the logistic regression model has an accuracy of 0.89. Given these factors, we can tell that Random Forest and Decision Tree classifiers might be the best choice.
